c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\obj\x86\Debug\Meme Magic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Meme Magic.exe
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Meme Magic.pdb
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\obj\x86\Debug\Meme Magic.exe
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\obj\x86\Debug\Meme Magic.pdb
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Terminal.xnb
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Console.xnb
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\AutismIcon.xnb
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\bg.xnb
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\frame.xnb
c:\users\emil\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Meme Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\HPIcon.xnb
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Terminal.xnb
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Console.xnb
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\AutismIcon.xnb
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\bg.xnb
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\frame.xnb
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Content\Sprites\HPIcon.xnb
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Meme Magic.exe
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\Meme Magic.pdb
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.dll
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.xml
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\bin\Windows\x86\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\obj\x86\Debug\Meme Magic.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\obj\x86\Debug\Meme Magic.exe
C:\Users\Edgar\Documents\GitHub\Meme-Magic\Meme Magic\obj\x86\Debug\Meme Magic.pdb
